those are all started. So let's see if we get a stream on Twitch.
Gigalome biological is live right now. Gigalome biological is live right now.
Excellent. Alright, here we go ladies and gentlemen. I'm very happy to be live on
four different streams. I hope it's all working now. Let's get this started.
I had lots of trouble getting that going. Something was out of sync. I had to start over again.
But we're here now. Thanks very much for being here with me. I need a sound check in a minute.
Give me a sound check. I think I should be okay. Don't forget that we are moving toward a
broader understanding of the message here and that includes taking advantage of all the things
that I'm learning through the broken science initiative and all the things that I'm learning
from the reading and from the discussions of this. I think it's really important that if you
want to make a little bit of an impression on them from Gigalome it would be great if you'd go to
brokenscience.org and just open up an account and you know you can make up a name you're going
to give them your email but it would make that an impression on them if suddenly people started
to register on their account in a way that they hadn't in a while so maybe we can send a message
that way. Thank you very much. Maybe we can send a message that way so it's brokenscience.org.
All you got to do is register and when you do so they'll see it. They don't have a lot of members
on that website and there's not a lot yet on that website but I think it's worthwhile to say hello
to them for me so thanks very much and let's get started.
Oh man I'm gonna do this right now because I just think it's so cool. I don't know if you're aware
but this is just for the hard course okay this is just for the hard course
but I don't know I think I have permission to say it just because I said I was gonna say it and I
didn't he didn't say no but I don't know if you're aware or not but Rodney has some bad hips
and if you go on YouTube you can find videos of him telling the story about how his hips
became locked with fibers and he used like the point of a fire hydrant and he used like a screw
driver with some tape on the end to drive into his hips and break that fibrous stuff up
and at some point he figured out that he could really put a lot of leverage on his leg
by putting his leg inside of a wheel well of a car and then leaning back or something
and eventually it popped open and he broke his his fibrotic or whatever it was that was
tearing and clogging and making his hips unable to move he broke that free with free with pure
will but he didn't I mean he didn't escape the damage that all of this this skateboarding did to
his skeleton and musculature so anyway he had surgery about let's say six months ago I don't
know exactly how long ago it was and since he's been recovery I haven't heard very much from him
because he's got a busy life and his wife has a busy life that he's involved in and so it's a
it's a you know I mean who am I right I'm already grateful that that he came to Pittsburgh those
many times and said hello and and it was because of happenstance and serendipity that
that his significant other was working in Pittsburgh and we could meet
but I got this message from him because I asked him how his recovery was after
um his surgery and I I it just touched me so much I wanted to share it with you and I know that
there are some people out there and I know uh welcome the eagle um Albert is a skateboarder
and I know a few other people have given me some crap because I'm not a skateboarder but
somehow or another Rodney Mullen is my friend now um I still have a cough I'm not uh
I'm not unaware of how how blessed I am in that sense let me read this to you please
man thank you for asking so I asked uh I just said please let me know if you are rolling again
and how your recovery is going if you want to send a clip I won't mind um man thank you for
asking I've been rolling since January 1st which felt like a kind of rebirth on that very day
that I started skating as a kid 1 1 1970 70 still remembers that my surgical nurse was so
skeptical and cautious that she couldn't bring herself to say skateboard grinning letting me know
I could return to that thing you do my doctor is so special in that it may be against better
judgment but knows what it means to me and trust that I'll act accordingly so far
so all capital is good it is a gift to be restored every day stronger plus it's a comedy is my
gr- my brain grapples with proprioception my feet are nowhere near where they were plus
angulation plays crazy games with compression and rippling ways has if mocking but it is joy
plus snap uh he does the derivative here of force over time is back in ways that again comedy
and joy no more pain no more waddle a writer friend with a beautiful mind is having me
chronicle at nightly so we can eventually publish something cool so that that's uh he says some nice
things to my hello to my daughter and stuff and uh so that's just a warm message to know that
Rodney Mullen is standing up straight he's keeping his arms straight and after many many many many
years of people telling him he would never skate again he's skating again and then skating again
and then skating on top of that and then he had surgery and now he's skating with a straighter
posture than he has in probably 20 or 30 years I probably won't even recognize him when I see him
and I can still remember that guy that got out of the uber in in Pittsburgh with a hunched over
back and and jeans and a big giant big giant hat on uh stocking cap on and I had no idea who
Rodney Mullen was I actually just thought of him as Rodney M because Rodney M the guy that was
supporting me wanted to meet me at a cafe and I wasn't sure if it was a good idea or not
and to think I almost missed that out I almost I almost missed out on that I mean it's crazy
that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that the latest data tells us that
we're dealing with essentially a worst-case scenario I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that
we're dealing with essentially I
Mark has been working hard lately I think he's got eight days in a row now check those
streams out if you haven't seen him they should be archived on rumble and elsewhere I know that
he's got to pull him a lot of times from youtube for safety's sake but he does have archive
channels so please check those out
I think truth is good for kids we're so busy lying we don't even recognize the truth no more
in society we want everybody to feel good that's not that's not the way life is
but you can tell if someone's lying you know you can sort of feel it in people
and I have lied I'm sure I'll lie again I don't want to lie you know I don't think I'm a liar
I try not to be a liar I don't want to be a liar I think it's like really important not to be a liar
Oh
the rules protect yourself at all times
Follow my instructions keep it clean touch gloves if you wish. Let's do it
20 pounds. This is so crazy
Like these bumps
This is so crazy. I feel so nervous like what in the world man
That website is broken science dot org broken science dot org look at Pamela coming in in the clutch I
Got a shirt on that somebody by the name of Pamela sent me in a box. I
Don't really know how that works. I get these
Some lady named Pamela and most of the clothes are cute for my daughter and sometimes my my boys are really
You've been following me for a while. You've been following me for a while
Not you might be a skilled TV watcher or getting washed over because you're not staying focused on the biology
You're taking the bait on TV and social media, and you're probably not loving your neighbor, and that's the reason
That's the reason
So this is how it works, you know people contribute to my work
But more importantly they share it and the sharing of the work is finally starting to have some effect
You can find me at giggle biological calm and giga home dot bio
And actually we are now the live stream is at stream dot giga home dot bio, and I think it's actually working if you wouldn't mind checking
That is the chat that I can put up on the stream and we'll put up on the stream
We are also on rumble and youtube and we are trying to make that a more regular thing
There are also lots of ways to help there that are that are all tried to be a little bit more convenient and people that have pulled that trigger and tried to help
The list is long. We just you know put different people there for different reasons
Some people give you know a large sum of money at once, and I consider a large sum of money at once quite frankly a hundred dollars because
I have never given a hundred dollars to anyone on the internet. I once gave a fifty dollar
Super chat to mark use a ton and other than that
I'm not really a big giver, and so I am absolutely shocked at how
How we have been able to raise enough money to have my family
Survived as a part of this independent bright web, and I am very humbled by the fact that so many people support this work
in that vein
Giga home biological is about to really really put the pedal to the metal
And I don't mean that in a desperate way. I mean that in a consistency way
It has been hard for me
To find a consistent pattern, and I'm gonna try redouble my efforts to do that
Given the fact that I do have some reservations about how we move forward
I do have some reservations about how sustainable a
Stream that just constantly complains about the about the world health state
I don't know how sustainable that is and I don't think that that's the message that
I don't think that's the message that I'm meant to be that I meant to be pushing
I think the message that I meant to be pushing is a lot closer
to a more ancient message about peace and love
Because I am a human just like you I don't have much more other than that
and so as a biologist and as a father and as a husband as a
A kite flyer a dog lover
I just want to help people understand
What has happened and where we are and how we got here, and I think it's a little bit of a history of science thing
I think it's a little bit of a
There's a lot of pieces of it of the puzzle that are moving
Right now especially and I think it's really really important that that all of us find a place a
A place where we can dwell a
Place where we can come to to find that kind of confirmation that we're not crazy and
for me a lot of times that place is
Mark Koolak show
He was a tonic ITS because he's a guy who
Without too much certainty can at least you know throw some stuff up against the wall
Draw some connections with you know articles and and what appear to be
factual
crossing of paths of people in time and in place and and in ideas and
Those intersections I think are really important because
those intersections are where these ideas sets that I think compromise
comprise rather a
Mythology that we have been handed down
And this mythology is something that actually our our parents gave to us
And I don't think it is too much to say
That the awakening that everyone thinks is happening is actually not happening. We are tumbling down the hill a snowball
Dirty on one side and rocky on the other
And it feels as though we're making progress but in reality
We are tumbling down a hill and at the bottom of the hill is our demise
And that analogy may not be good enough because we have more control over this tumble than you think
But the way that we gain control is to understand that this snowball
Is an illusion
The momentum is an illusion that is created by our continued participation
In this system and our continued participation in the argument
And so
We're going to have to look at the argument regularly
We're going to have to look at the people who are proposing
That one side of the other side of the argument is correct
We're going to have to look at the argument from the inside
In order to be able to see it accurately on the outside for the limited spectrum of debate that it is
And so the giga ohm biological high resistance low noise information brief is a biology centered
Message designed to crack through that mythology which extends its tentacles throughout our
A very understanding of reality
And as much as I would like to say that this is just a very recent development because of the algorithms of social media
We can go back to edward bernays in the 20s and find him describing a very similar system
Albeit executed through a limited
You know, they had many less tv channels
They had many less newspapers or maybe not
Many more magazines, maybe more readership there
But they use the same idea
It is a conscious manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of all of us
That allow us to be governed in this
Huge number of people thinking kind of more or less the same
And in previous generations, this was more aptly achieved by religion
This was more aptly more effectively achieved
Maybe let's say that the levers of
Of social control held by the churches
Were more influential than the levers held by newspapers the printing press or even the ruling class
And as we've moved into our our current state
It might seem as though social media and mainstream media has now taken over the phone has taken over
With with regard to controlling the stories that control us
And
I think that's a nice way to look at it is is that we are governed by stories
We have always been governed by stories
The stories that they
Would like you to reject are the stories about God and the stories about creation and the stories about the divine
and the stories about our
our
The sacred nature of our existence
Those are the mythologies that they would like you to to discard as as being fundamentalist or crazy or
or based on faith and and
And ghosts or or whatever
And instead they would like you to adapt the idea that science big s
Is the way forward and that our understanding of ourselves has debunked God
Our our understanding and mastery of science has made God irrelevant
And we don't need that explanation for reality anymore when we know so much
And of course this almost when you say it that way almost really comes back to a sort of garden of Eden kind of thing
Where it's the knowledge right that that was so dangerous
It is the idea that we can attain that knowledge that is the danger
And i'm not even sure that that that the parable of of the garden of Eden is that far off from the target in the sense of
How how do you go about out into nature seeking knowledge?
Do you seek knowledge as as an as a mastery or as a as a way of answering the sacred or dispelling it
Which would essentially be the same as as desecrating it
Or do you see knowledge as a way of worshiping the sacred of as a way of
of showing reverence for the sacred
And I think that's where they don't want you to understand the truth of it
Which is that that there's a very healthy way to be a biologist and a scientist and a doctor
And have respect for the sacred have reverence for the sacred operate with the idea
Of the sacred being paramount
But they don't want that
I think that's the part of this big picture that i'm starting to really
get a grasp on after
taking
A few days off and and a few steps back
And trying to understand what it is that they would like me to argue about
Versus what it is that I I probably shouldn't talk about
And so we're going to talk about things that I shouldn't talk about
We're going to talk about
About the stories that they don't want us to talk about in the motivations that they don't want to talk about
In order to try and dispel this lever of power
This lever of power I think has been more most recently expressed
In terms of the intellectual dark web back there
And I think if you can see
the
Internet as being not the wild west but actually a very orchestrated picture
orchestrated in part by
The algorithms but also in part by their being content for the algorithms to choose for you
If they didn't produce content
That they
Wanted the algorithm to put in front of you then to a certain extent the system would still be random
And if there wasn't good content out there that fit the needs of the fifth generation warfare that they are definitely waging on us
Then it would be a lot more difficult for them to do it with just an algorithm
But if you have an algorithm and you also have content creators
That are creating the exact content that you need for the exact groups of people that you're trying to influence
With the exact combinations of truth and lies
Has dictated by the formula that you're running across the world in multiple languages
We're supposed to be afraid of the 77th brigade
But assume that there isn't that same thing going on in every western and non-western country in the world that can
We're supposed to assume that every other country in the world
Including our own just goes limp and says please facebook will you censor some of these people
And we're supposed to be angry about that
We're not supposed to be angry about the possibility that there could be planted
messengers that are elevated on the platform
Is it possible to start a podcast and in a year have a hundred thousand subscribers
Is it possible to open a twitter account and in a year have a hundred thousand followers
Unless
The algorithm wants you to
Unless you are pushing a message that the algorithm likes
Is it possible? I don't think so
And I think you could go out and try it you could put out
Open up a thousand accounts and choose a thousand different messages that you think are popular
But not part of the mainstream narrative that the mainstream narrative would like to amplify and I guarantee you
All thousand of those accounts would never find
a hundred thousand followers not in all
The best ways of promoting them it just wouldn't happen
But on the other hand if you if you start a podcast and you talk about the things that you're supposed to talk about
I think there's a good chance that you will rise up
But more importantly, and I think that this is really
So important to understand I'm going to switch back over here
There are people who have been put in place
as early as 2017 in order to stake intellectual
And sort of metaphysical ground if you will inside of the internet in the form of followers
And presence
So that when this job was executed they already had those people there
They already had these trusted opinions there
And if you don't think that that has occurred then you're grossly underestimating
The breadth and the depth of the operation being executed against us that they are using primarily
To undermine the republic of the united states
They were put in place years before because years of trust were necessary
And again, this is a multi-generational operation a multi-generational plan
And it's a club we are not in
But you can see clearly the people who are in the club because they don't
Fight for our grandchildren. They don't plant trees under whose shade they will never shelter
And that's what I believe mark is doing. That's what I believe I'm doing
That's what I believe Jessica hocket is doing in a very few other people
I want this over with so that my children can raise their children in peace and in freedom
I don't want to go back
To 2019 where the flag is here. That's not my plan. It's a reminder of where we were
But I don't want to go back to 2019. I want to go back to something better
With my eyes wide open in 2019. I knew nothing in 2019
I was giving all my shots to my kids in 2019
If my doctor said that my wife should have a hysterectomy, I'd probably be like, okay, I guess you saw you know
I
Ladies and gentlemen, I don't want to go back to 2019. You don't want to go back to 2019
I want to go back. I want to go to a place that is not where we are going
I want to take our children to a place where we are currently not headed
And I want to do it by telling our children the truth
The truth about how we have been governed about how our parents were governed and why it's not their fault either
And
When we wake up to the the
The sheer ridiculousness of how we have been living for the past
40 years and the responsibility that our parents and ourselves have abdicated thinking that everything was fine
When it wasn't because we were told it was fine
When it wasn't
But that's not an excuse to keep sitting in a car that's about to crash. That's not an excuse to not try
And write the ship
It's not an excuse to go limp
It's an excuse for every single one of us who knows to take responsibility again first for ourselves
And that means every day we need to be stoic about how we do things
and
Have goals every day of what we want to accomplish a list of things that we want to accomplish of things that we're going to get better at
And we're going to do it
So that our kids see it
And then when we ask when they ask us why we'll have an answer
Because we are fighting for what's sacred we are fighting for
A return to a sort of reverence in a humility to what we don't understand
instead of an arrogance and
sort of ignorance
Under the pretense that there is nothing left to know
They have not allowed us to exercise informed consent
And I do think that that is one very good way for us to bridge the gap with these young people to explain to them that look
I didn't know you didn't know and it was by design. And so I'm sorry. I blew it
I should have known better, but I didn't
Here's how we get out
Scientific questions, I think are very hard to get a handle on
And the reason for this is that in late modernity, which we're living in
There's simply too much knowledge for any individual human to understand all of it
And so um, you know, and so the the um and so in this world of extreme hyper specialization
So I would I would correct that and say that there are too many
lies
There are too many false
facts
And because there are so many things that are paraded around as false facts
There are so many models that have not been verified through prediction and testing
And
That is not knowledge
And so he is being very disingenuous here when he says this but he's speaking to a certain audience who understands this subtlety
But I need you to hear this because this is 2019 right before the pandemic where he tells the absolute truth
On the first podcast with eric Weinstein the portal
The intellectual dark web placed right before the pandemic a couple years on purpose
First in the context of
Brett Weinstein's
Senate appearance how many times is this guy bed in front of the senate for doing what?
For being a below average academic at a school that's nobody's heard of where he's never done research and
published exactly one paper
To speaking in front of the senate about the woke culture
Then he went on to have a entirely influential
Influence list podcast that I'd never heard of before the pandemic
With the likes of what joe rogan
Sam harris and his brother eric Weinstein a
advisor to
Peter teal
one of the heads of the weaponized piles of money
And so to kick off his podcast in 2019 he thought he'd have his boss on this you know titan of big money
Who was already invested in an antibody manufacturing company in canada among other things
On telling us about how science works and about how science is overextended and about how there's too much knowledge
For anybody to understand no there's too much nonsense in conjecture and bad models out there for anybody to understand
And worse yet there are people who don't seem to understand that their models are not models their their models are not even
Theories or hypotheses yet, but they're just conjecture and they're sticking to them like they're already laws
And that is what he's calling knowledge here
Which makes it very difficult to understand science
This is really it
This is how they do it
This is the kind of enchantment that we have been under for years now they have hyper
Sharpen this message messaging style
Where subtle semantics allow this to slip under the radar of skilled social media users and skilled tv watchers
But for their own group for their inside they totally understand exactly what they're saying. He's telling them
right now
That science is overextended and the politicization of science is dangerous and so I start with not believing them
Why would he send this message from eric weinstein's podcast six months before the pandemic started or three months before the pandemic started
Why would sam harris be on brett weinstein's podcast and say that we won't be able to tolerate anti-vaxxers in the next pandemic in december of
Really you think that's by accident that they are so smart
Or can you see it like i'm trying to argue it that none of this is by accident
That this is part of a theater
Designed to make you believe a story
An elaborate mythology that has a lot of biological detail to it and even p-values
And this story we are supposed to take seriously enough to teach our children about it
So that our grandchildren are lost and enslaved
To these owners of weaponized piles of money. That's what I think is going on right here
Right, I can't do the pointing with this camera
That's what I think I see
Listen to the rest of this and then we'll skip over it will do the do the second half of the video and then we'll go
To get a handle on and the reason for this is that in late modernity, which we're living in
There's simply too much knowledge for any individual human to understand
And so you know and so the the and so in this world of extreme
Specialization where it's narrower and narrower um
Subsets of experts policing themselves and talking about how great they are
The string theorists talking about how great string theory is the cancer researchers talking about how they're just about to cure cancer
The quantum computer researchers are just about to build you know quantum computer
There will be a massive breakthrough and then if you were to say that all these fields not much is happening
People just don't have the authority for this. This is somehow a very different
feel for
Science or and so what he said there with too many words is that physics is kind of overextended
Quantum computing kind of overextended
He didn't mention genetics and biology and medicine, but that's also overextended
And what he's suggesting and what he's saying in his coded language is that all of these things have become bs
Caring cancer has is a bs story
Because it's a simple answer to a simply
described problem which we know is
The exact opposite of simple
Because again, we're talking about a complexity which is irreducible. We're talking about a sacredness
That we need to
Forget about or even not acknowledge exists in order to think about that as a tractable
Problem that doesn't have its root in
Environmental toxicity pollution and a thousand other things that we do wrong rather than as a problem with no
No root, but we can cure it
And so he's still not really saying it right
This is still an awful message either coming from someone who his thick
Or actually has an ulterior motive in saying these half truths
I
Apologize for that
Knowledge and you would have had in 1800 or even in 1900
You know 1800 go to could still understand just about everything
1900 hilbert could still understand just about see that's weird though because if he says that
quantum mechanics and quantum computing and cancer research and
And and all these other things are actually nonsense
And they haven't made progress in a long time
And then we're not as far away from those
Earlier days as they would like us to believe as science has led us to believe as
Postmodern science has led us to believe as paparion
Reiterative science and falsification has led us to believe and that's what's at the heart of the broken science initiative
Is this idea that what science has been corrupted
Intentionally or unintentionally wittingly or unwittingly academia over decades
Has been increasingly corrupted into believing that paparion science where you
Divide a hypothesis into two and you decide between one or the other using p values
Has brought us deeper and deeper and deeper into this dark age
Because we call that knowledge just like this
Guy with a shirt bursting open calls it knowledge
It's not knowledge
It's not knowledge if you're not using a model and testing the model to make predictions in the future that you can accurately measure
And then confirming that with the actual measurements then you're not
You're not creating knowledge
And
That's the part of the broken science
Thing that took a really it took a really long time but for that to settle in how powerful
That idea is and how important it is for somebody like me
Who's teaching biology and wants to teach biology in the future more often
Needs to understand and how I can use that to plant hand holds
To plant like safety line as we scale this face
But it's super important
Because when consensus is replaced
Sorry when consensus replaces validation then science becomes nonsense
And since we have replaced consensus
Or sorry, we have replay gosh said it again. We have replaced
validation with consensus
Then a lot of these fields have become nonsense cancer
String theory
Quantum physics
Quantum computing whatever he said
These places a lot of things in neuroscience have become nonsense because again
This consensus on preparing science has not has gotten us to the stage where we don't believe anything anymore
We don't think anything is provable anymore
That's one of the foundational ideas of paparian science that that people like sam harris believe in with all their heart and might with
Brett Weinstein would argue that paparian science is what we do
And would not understand
That broken science is an initiative that speaks exactly against that
That's that's it. That's it right there. And that's where we're going
That's how we beat these people who are stuck or rather have used paparian science to
Create so much knowledge that all of us don't know where we are anymore
And that is why this description is so valuable why I keep using it over and over and why every time I listen to it
I get more out of it
Because he describes exactly the problem that broken science the initiative
Of of greg glassman and emily caplin has identified as the root
Problem
Is that we do not create knowledge anymore?
We don't make it anymore. We don't know how to make it anymore our academic institutions are
Designed and funded not to anymore
That's what's so brilliant about it
All
All of mathematics and and so the sort of um
feel for
science or knowledge
Then you would have had in 1800 or even in 1900
And 800 greg could still understand just about everything
1900 hilbert could still understand
Just about all of mathematics and and so the sort of um this sort of specialization
I think has made it a much harder question to get a handle on
I
It's harder to get a handle on it again because
People aren't creating knowledge anymore. They're making noise
And that noise does make it more difficult to see the edge
Of knowledge and that's really what's important right? What do we know when we don't know and how well can we describe that edge?
And we are
Academic biology is in a business of not describing accurately that edge and
And pretending that we understand a lot more of what's beyond that edge
Um, then we actually do in fact where we have a vested interest in reducing
The complexity of biology so that we don't have to describe that edge in any
Multi-dimensional way and so therefore we're not really describing the edge at all
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people
And I have lied. I'm sure I'll lie again. I don't want to lie. You know, I don't think I'm a liar
I try not to be a liar. I don't want to be a liar. I think it's like really important not to be a liar
That's exactly what a liar would say
That's the whole problem here is that we still imagine
We ourselves being honest people that can't lie to anybody or most people can't lie
Without feeling quite bad about it unless it's a complete stranger about a complete nothing burger
And these people have a job they're actors in a way and then you can think of it not really as lying but performing
But this is a performance
Lex Friedman is a performance
Otherwise they wouldn't be where they are
Because we are controlled
By a series of stories and mythologies
that are sustained through a limited spectrum of debate
and that limited spectrum of debate
By definition is not something that exists outside of the actors
So someone like me is never going to be on tucker Carlson. I'm never going to get on jimmy door
I'm never going to get on Alex Jones because
The people that get on those places even those fringe
Places are people that are already vetted
And already accepted as people that will participate in this narrative
And I know that sounds really pessimistic, but I am very pessimistic because the only thing that will save us as individual
Americans
Rising up from their couch rising up from their their desk
And and doing something about this
United non-compliance when the next thing comes and it's coming. I assure you it's coming
And in order for that to happen, I think over the next few weeks we need to get a few things very very
Well put
Like the intramuscular injection statement, but we need a few more of those
We need a sheet of those things that we can use as a basis for our stance on where we are
In pursuit of this restoration of the sacred
But we're arguing with liars and that's not really productive
And so I think rather than engaging with these people who are performing and that's what they are
They're just performers and they might not know they might not want to know. Don't tell me why I'll do it
But they're definitely doing it and most of them
have sent me
Private messages emails or phone messages or phone calls where they have lied to me repeatedly
And that was the motivation for the last year the resentment that I had for a lot of these people and there is no justified resentment in the world
Something I learned over this last week
And that resentment has resulted in me
Feeling despair and that despair being transmitted over the airwaves
And that's not something that I want to do over four channels
And so in preparing for this little expansion into
Peertube and youtube and and rumble and and twitch
I want to be in the right place and the right place is is that I'm not a liar
I've been wrong and I've made mistakes. I've even got a web page called scooby
The details those mistakes
But I'm not a liar now
And I'm not interested in calling out
and using my time to give attention to the evil in the world I want to
Be a light somewhere where you come and you feel better after you after you visit it here
Um, I I think the challenge political cut I have on the specialization is always that um
That uh, if you analyze the politics of science the specializations should make you suspicious
It should because if it's gotten harder to evaluate what's going on
And it's presumably gotten easier for people to lie and to exaggerate and then one should be you know a little bit suspicious
And that's that's uh, that's sort of my starting my starting bias. So I'm suspicious of everyone
I don't trust anybody
And that has served me very well
Um, as I was bitten the first few times in 2020
Um, I started to think this way and uh, I haven't looked back
And in general it has served me well
One of the things that I can tell you for sure is that the people who really need to trust you
Usually start with some kind of personal argument, you know, like we both got kids or how could I possibly be a bad guy?
Because I also lost my job or I also have a family
Who are here's the pictures of of my pets
And these people end up having no skin in the game. They end up having a one
Trick pony kind of story about one thing one focus
And they usually ended up backstabbing me at some point
and these people
Fit into a general category that I like to call team worst case scenario. These people are either
Um, were present very early on and had a very specific focus
Which was usually the spike protein or a gain of function virus
Or a laboratory leak back when nobody wanted it to be a laboratory leak
And at the time one of those primary team worst case scenarios was a group of people on twitter called drastic of which I was a member
And this group of and probably intelligence operatives from various countries outside of the united states
Was designed to stir up this idea of worst case scenario
The idea of flying aids for example originated inside of this group
drastic
And so the idea was to see the worst case scenario so that we would get compliance
And so that the coming vaccine technologies would be accepted
And at the time I didn't fully understand that this shift was really to a
To a genetic medicine shift to a sequencing of people's shift to a
eventual personalized medicine shift. I just saw it as
Making sure that people would accept the the transfection when it came out
But very clearly it became much more than that because it also became this thing
Where we were actually seeing people seed a narrative
Of a worst case scenario that involved
Symptomologies and bad outcomes that were were
Later we can see we're easily to be expected from the transfection
And so it's interesting that some of the people on team worst case scenario were very keen
to hype up the
cognitive effects of
SARS-CoV-2 and hype up the myocardial effects of SARS-CoV-2
Two things that we're now very worried about with regard to the transfection
Because transfection is
Very dangerous with regard to protein misfolding
It's regard to where the transfection will occur if you inter to inject intramuscularly
Where ultimately will that that transfection occur it will be in tissues related to the heart related to endothelium
related to tunica media related to these these
again
Symptomologies and potential dangers that were first hyped
by team worst case scenario way too early
When there was only virus
When we couldn't have known anything and when the mass casualty events that were occurring in a few places around the world were the primary
mover of the narrative
And so this coincidence is not a coincidence
That the 24,000 people that died in five weeks in New York City
Coincides with all of these people doing their first act on the internet about a billion people going to die
And about amyloidosis and prion disease being likely
The prion disease and and amyloidosis would have been expected from transfection
We know that from the animals that we've transfected in the laboratory over the last 20 years
And so instead what they got us to focus on with a theater an elaborate theater laughing
at trump behind his back and rann paul arguing with tony fauci on stage in the senate
We got people to think that there was a mystery to solve that we were teenagers that were solving the mystery and that if we unmasked the right guy
Like peter desac or or ralph barrack that was hiding behind tony fauci
We would have all the bad guys on masks and we would have this problem solved
And after four and a half years of chasing this mystery around
Actually none
None of the people none of the people
That know my name
Have ever acknowledged that this screen is correct
None of the no virus people have acknowledged that this screen is correct
None of the people from children's health defense that speak publicly have acknowledged that this screen is correct
none of the people that say that i'm uh
A divider on the internet have acknowledged that well at least he gets this this one screen is definitely awesome
I don't agree with him about clones, but I love this screen
No one
No one will say intramuscular injection of any combinations of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
Who says that?
Robert Malone sasha latipova matt crawford. I mean who are we talking about here? Who says that?
Peter mccullough kind of sort of he says vaccines, but he doesn't say this
I'm trying to think of why it would be that my main message, which is this one
The only consistent message over the last year and a half is the only one that they ignore
No one will repeat it. No one will repeat that
Transfection and healthy humans is criminally negligent and they won't explain why
They won't say that well
Who is right about that because you know a transfection is something that we've used on the bench in academia
For 20 years it is something that we knew wasn't going to work
Robert Malone himself said that he let his patents expire
Thank you. He let those patents expire because they didn't really work
That's why he went into DNA and electroporation
And so then when he came out on the Brent Weinstein podcast and didn't really say that it's kind of weird
Because I'm saying it. I've been saying it for three years now
It's transfection
That's not something that Robert Malone needed me to tell him
That's not something that David Baltimore doesn't already know. That's not something that David Hone doesn't already know
That's not something that Cina Bavari didn't already know
That's not something that Tony Fauci or Ralph Berwick or or or probably even even
Peter Dasek they all knew what transfection was
And they knew that the mRNA inside of a lipid nanoparticle even if it's made by the great Peter Kullis is still
transfection
And yet for some reason or another none of them can still find that word
And when they find that word, they're very very very want to actually use it repeatedly. They just say well, I mean
Interestingly enough. I have heard this word
transfection
I
Mean it's really it's really disturbing to me
Because this is a unity message
This is a message that could bring us all together from
from Del to Bobby to Peter McCullough
You know, I mean across the board. This is just very very simple
It calls for a pause on all childhood vaccines in America. It calls for a pause on on the covid nonsense
And it aptly expresses this
skepticism very healthy skepticism of the significance of viruses the trackability of viruses
And whether or not we should allow them to diagnose us with a viral infection anymore
All of which I think are
Things that a vast majority of us agree on whether or not we agree on the details of viruses or not
They're definitely not these highly integral, you know, high fidelity
Molecular signals that exist all over in nature, but we just have a hard time growing
No
And so let's just be honest here
I'm trying to cast the widest net possible and most if not all of the actors that social media has put in front of you
Are not interested in that net
And the one organization that claims to be casting the big top net of health freedom is the one organization that fired me in six months
Because I was interfering with their relationships with their partners
Whatever that means
Keep in mind that they hired me when I was podcasting
Keep in mind that bobby hired me for the book because I was podcasting
So it's very strange that without explanation they would fire me basically for podcasting
It doesn't matter because I am blessed to be supported by
Hundreds of viewers in almost hundreds almost hundreds 100 or so viewers like you
Um, and it's it's fabulous. Um because we are going to get this message out. This is the message right here this message
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
That's what you need to say to your
Your your family physician if they don't already know it
That's what you need to say to the school board if they don't already know it
And it's extremely powerful language because no one can misconstrue it
That's why I choose the word dumb. I don't want you to think it's it's it's up for grabs
It's it's beyond the pale
How dumb this assumption has been
And that's why I say it that way. I was just as dumb. I couldn't I can't I still can't believe it
That for the rest of my life. I'm going to wonder if I've damaged my daughter
my sons
And
Every parent if they honestly understand this sacred biology to the extent that they should if they actually appreciate
What they have been given
Then they'll all feel like that and that's okay
Because that humility is what we need in order to reach out to these young adults
Before they instead start to ignore us
And we know why they're doing this right ladies and gentlemen because yeah, they would like less people on the earth
They're not just going to bulldoze everybody or put everybody in a blender
There's information to be had there and as you know the analogy of AI for chess and for go
Is that is that you
You need many iterations of the pattern you're trying to understand
If the pattern is chess if the pattern is go then you need many iterations of that game win or lose
And with the human genome the way that they intend the story
That they have been telling one another the story just like a religion is a story
The story that they've been telling each other for decades now
Is that computers?
Combined with many
Many examples of the human genome are how the human genome the biology of the human genome the biology of dna
And genetics is going to be cracked
And that's why you can find a story
A video of robermalone telling a story about how when he was a grad student
He thought that in 10 years there would be a geneticist at every hospital
Caring childhood diseases using retroviruses because that's the story
That they were telling each other in the hallways
In these virology labs and these genetics labs
And that's the story that they continue to tell each other today
That's the bad idea that spread around the world
Into all these brains and is much more dangerous than the spread of an RNA molecule
Which we are told to tell our kids to be afraid of indefinite
I
Please i'm going to ask one more time if you could go sign up at broken science.org. I just want to surprise them
Okay, so if we got 50 people registered on one day and 50 people on the next day and 50 people on the next day
They'll see it
And then I can ping emily and say hey did you see a bump in registrations? That's from us
Because I have the idea that we can work together with broken science and that I can give them something
They can give me something that we can
We can join these these groups of people and that's what we really need grass roots
Networking of different truth sources
So that we get ourselves off of the
The perpetual reliance on things like twitter and facebook thinking that we can
Tweak the filters enough so that we get something out of it and maybe that was true at some time
But in the very very near future that will no longer absolutely no longer be guaranteed
And I think it may be already there
This is actually jeff glassman
That's uh
Greg glassman's dad whoops. I didn't switch that correctly. What did I want to do? Oh this one
And then that one
And so greg glassman calls his dad the science bear
And jeff glassman doesn't have a lot of publications about these ideas, but he did speak about them at length
Um, and there's a couple videos of greg telling stories about his dad that I think we're gonna watch in the near future
um
But the point is again
that
central to the broken science
idea of of of what science should be and what the creation of knowledge is
um
Is at the at the heart of that is a model
A model of your understanding of reality that encompasses all known the data all known
observations
And this model is what we should be trying to challenge
and and
If we do it earnest in earnest
Attempting to falsify
That model is in principle not a bad strategy as pauper describes it
But it is the subtle way that that philosophy is ye is is wielded with regard to a null hypothesis and then this other thing
That we need to understand is fundamentally not model verification
It's something completely different
and in fact
that bait and switch between this piperian reiterative falsification of two hypotheses
Substituted
Instead right they they put that in place of model verification
described here by jeff glassman's model rating concept table
Is really the fundamental problem this split is where the mythology was enabled
That's how virology exists
That's how infectious disease as we understand it exists
That's how a lot of these misconceptions and neuroscience have come to exist because they're not actually validating their models
They're testing a binary set of hypotheses, which don't make any further progress in knowledge
but in noise
So i'm going to introduce some of these things slowly over time because um it is also me learning in the background now
um and trying to formulate my own
Way of saying these things and so that's why I think watching a couple of the best
Recent lectures of greg will be helpful will be helpful
um because greg is very good at speaking at that higher and more
Abstract philosophical level and then bringing it down to to to exact examples as well
So I i'm really looking forward to the idea of applying this to virology to show how
this reinterative piperian science
And p values and publication of peer review
Can be used to create this illusion of pandemic potential to create the illusion
That the worst case scenario facing us now and in the future has again a function bio weapon that is either leaked or released
They could kill billions that possibility is a mythology
That possibility is a story by which they intend to govern us
More importantly, it is a story by which they intend to invert the sovereignty of our children
So that our children don't come don't care about
America anymore because they're a bigger fish to fry
They don't care about american ideals. They think american is a corrupt system
That's what they want our children to believe so that they have no vested interest in fighting for it
We can't allow it to happen. I really like it not to happen
These bad ideas have got to be stopped if it's not going to happen
And
These bad ideas spread on social media i'm trying so hard to get off twitter because it's just not good
It only inevitably shows you a picture that they want you to see
You have no idea whether your message is getting out no matter what the numbers say no matter what search results you get
And that's by design because the whole idea is to make sure that this is never questioned
There is an illusion of consensus about this worst case scenario that's not going away
That everybody agrees on from alex jones all the way to the other side of the spectrum that's tony fauci they all agree
They all agree
That's because team worst case scenario was highly effective
And that's because most of the people that we actually hear from are not random but members of team worst case scenario recruited
Or encouraged wittingly or unwittingly they're all receiving comfort and fame because they are unwilling
To question the novel virus
unwilling to question the role of protocols
So you know something about you know, I warn people when I used to work at the young turks
before they took the 20 million dollars from
uh dnc donors and became msnbc light and lied to you about
everything from russia gate
to ukraine war to the syrian war and I and and censorship their pro censorship at the young turks and I warned them
that uh, you know, it starts with alex jones
And it's going to come for you. Well, it's not going to come for them because they're never going to go against the establishment
But it's going to come it came for people it went from alex jones and then it went to leading doctors and scientists like yourself
It went to leading journalists and then it went to former presidents of the united states
So they they can ban anybody and and take away your freedom of speech and of course I was right
And so now they're doing this thing
Uh with tiktok
And of course they're doing it. Uh, they're doing it under the now you know something about being censored
So I want to get your input on this story now
They're doing this on tiktok and they're saying that they're doing this for national security reasons
Which is what every dictator always says when he censors
I'm doing this to keep you guys safe. And so I just want to tell you doc
Congressman massy is blown the lid off this. It's not what you think it is. This is bible
This isn't just about tiktok
So the so-called tiktok ban is a trojan horse as congressman massy. He says the president will be given the power
to ban websites not just apps the person breaking a new the new law is deemed to be
Uh the us or offshore internet hosting service or app store not the foreign adversary. So
Um
Let me just by the way
What we're going to have is the hosting services are now going to become censors
Yes, and so you're so the hosting services now
Not just the twitter or facebook or your website
Go daddy is going to become your local neighborhood
That's right. And so and they're going to give the president of the united states
The ability to decide
Who is a foreign adversary and who isn't and I wouldn't give this current president the remote for an oscillating fan
Let alone the cook
I mean the guy doesn't know if he's looking at a painting or the weather outside his own window
Somehow he's going to be able to decide what what should be censored in one shouldn't so here it is
No, that's that's he is just a a paper cut out. He's just a surrogate
Right and it's iSA. That's going to be running this
It's and they've already showed their true colors. What they're going to do is use this to censor opposition
That's exactly what this is about and so no too many people
And by the way, I've met massy in person. You probably have to and I just want to give a shout out
He is a well-trained
Technical expert in his area. He's extremely intelligent. He's not some whack-a-doo-gle crackpot
Uh, this is this is as I recall. He's my tea train
This this is a serious
engineer
intellect
Who is looking at what's going on as a patriot in his country
And is speaking against the approved narrative and it's costing him
And he is still has the courage to continue speaking out. I think we need to
So that's why i'm doing it. I'm i'm explicitly recognizing the courage and fortitude
And intellect of mr. Massey because I respect him people. Uh, I respect him also. He's consistent
I have certain political differences with him, but I don't ever have to worry about
He is consistent and he does have integrity and especially around things like this and war which is a big
Any answers questions. He doesn't run from questions
And so here is the bill hr 75 21
And it says to protect the national security of the united states from the threat posed by foreign adversary controlled
Application such as tiktok and any successor application or service and any other application or service developed or provided by bite dance limited or any
Entity under the control of bite tent limited but listen to this
So when they say foreign uh the term foreign adversary controlled application means
a website
A desktop application a mobile application
Or augmented or immersive technology application that is operated directly or indirectly including through a parent company
subsidiary or
Affiliate
So that means any website. That's what so that means anything anywhere at any time
It's like grand theft auto with no rules. Yeah, go ahead. Wishback is going to be this is restricted narrowly
That's the way it's being sold is this is one of the most narrowly written bills ever
Because it's restricted to what was it bite dance the parent company
Yeah, but then it has this other language in it. This is just the same kind of nefarious stuff
They're doing with the international health regulations in the world health organization pandemic treaty right now
Is they'll have language in there that can cut two ways
And uh, they'll focus on the more benign explanation
But then you know as soon as this kind of stuff passes
They're going to flip right around and take the more extreme interpretation and implement
Of course
We can't trust them
That's the problem with the destruction of trust
It's happened over the last four or years and beyond is we now know that we can't give these people an inch because they'll take a mile
So there's a carve out now. Do you know about that? So let me there's more to this
so
It shall be unlawful or an entity to distribute for an entity to distribute maintainer update
Or enable the distribution maintenance or updating of a foreign adversary controlled application
By carrying out within the land or maritime borders of the united states any of the following
Providing services to distribute maintain or update such foreign adversary controlled application
Uh by the by means of a marketplace including an on light mobile application store
Through which users within the land or maritime reporters of the united states may access maintain or update such applications providing internet
hosting services
To enable the distribution so anybody in anything and here's what mass he says
He says if you think this isn't a trojan horse and we'll apply only to tick tock and foreign adversary social media companies
Then contemplate why someone thought it was important to get a very specific
Exclusion for the internet based business written into the bill and here's the cutout that you're talking about who it's for
They say the term covered company does not include an entity that operates a website
Application mobile application or augmented immersive technology application whose primary purpose is to allow users to post product reviews
Business reviews or travel information and reviews. So why do they need to have that cutout?
It's not for Yelp. It's for amazon's get into that business. I know that that's right. That's for amazon
That's what that's for you're about to launch their thing where you could do all the stuff the other ones do
So this guy says so this so here Thomas Massey
This guy says but the bill opens with by foreign adversary controlled applications such as tick tock and any successor
Application or sir and it says bite dance. How is this how is this broader? This guy asked Thomas Massey Thomas Massey says that is window dressing as they say
Title description whereas clauses are not the operable portions of the bill
The operable portions of the bill begins with section two
so
That so exactly at you just as explained and described doctor
Is that that's not the point of the part of the bill?
They're going to use when they go to shut you down. They're going to use the other
The same trick with the international health regulation
Modifications and the WHO pandemic treaty the precise
Exact same trick is they throw the happy talk into the preamble and then they get down to business and it's not so pretty
And
They're going to get away with anything that we aren't paying attention to so the price of liberty is eternal vigilance
And a lot of people just go to sleep because they they think well
I mean the people at the new york times and cnn if there was a problem they would let me know of course not
Of course they wouldn't of course they all want by the way the new york times the washington post cnn fox
And msnbc they all want tiktok band why do they want tiktok band because it's a competitor
Just because they want youtube shutdown and they have suppressed independent news on youtube because we're a competitor
And that's exactly why they want one out of three people in the united states
Watches tiktok for 90 minutes a day and they're getting their news from tiktok
And so but the this is a world in which there are multiple truths
All at the same time. There's no question that tiktok is a china propaganda tools a ccp propaganda tool. It's incredibly powerful
And so we've got a situation of
half truths and and
You know mixtures of good and bad
conflicts of interest
All as a great big bra
And uh, there's no in my mind. There's no question that tiktok
is
Um a a a weapon that is
training our youth
And uh, it is extremely powerful technology
Is is this really what we we we need to think about how this is speaking deployed who it's having an impact on
the problem is
It
Is serious, but as soon as as you can see as soon as anybody tries to make a good freight effort assuming this was good bait
To address one problem
It all gets twisted and transformed and exploited to advance
A variety of corporatist interests were right back at the same place we started
So I would push back on you about tiktok now this i've been kicked off tiktok
We've been completely censored as is glungly as of you. So I didn't get kicked off because I was criticizing china
I got kicked off because I was criticizing the united states
policy in ukraine
And the united states policy in israel gaza
So who who got me kicked off china doesn't give a shit
That who got me kicked off was the cia
And the intelligence community in the united states which tiktok has bent over backwards
To accommodate and why is that because tiktok is run by a guy from singapore who went to harvard business school
And he wants to keep his business inside the united states
So he went to the intelligence community in the united states the cia the nsa the fbi
And they said will censor anything they're they're the most sensitive they're worst in facebook and youtube over at tiktok
And so they're like will censor anybody at any time for you
And to say and so that's what's actually happening. So it's the cia that's running tiktok
I wouldn't be so worried about the chinese government because if they wanted to get information on united states citizens
They can buy it from all the other apps, which is what the government does anyways the united states government
So they they can get all that data. They could just pay for it if they wanted
So this idea that tiktok's getting unique data that other people don't have it's not that that's i don't i think that's propaganda
We're gonna send a balloon to my house. What are they gonna do with my data?
That's right that my government isn't doing to me
Way worse already. So that's right. So every email
air argument
So so that would be my pushback on that and so I wouldn't so
um
And I don't think I don't then ch and by the way if china is such an enemy of us
Why is it that the united states manufacturers have sent all our manufacturing to china?
I can't wait to see when they if they act these maniacs who trying to start a war with russia v visa v ukraine
I can't wait for these maniacs actually start a war with china
And then we can't have anything in america anymore because we don't make anything in america
How do you go to war with the country that makes everything that's necessary for your country to run including our viruses now including our viruses
And our real estate and our nutraceuticals
And our exactly exactly and they make our medicine right that's what nutraceuticals are
Absolutely. Yeah
And if they really were free of the chinese
Why wouldn't they ban chinese
Billionaires from buying real estate in the united states and artificially inflating the prices of our real estate here in the united states
So it's out of reach for most home people regular people right now to buy home millennials can't afford to buy
Why because the artificially inflate because they let billionaires buy all the land they want all the property
They want and those by the way those properties sit empty
Right. So if I would I would be for banning
foreign ownership of real estate in the united states of course
You're never going to get that because the real estate industry has a another corporate capture
Of our governments and they want it right because it prices everybody makes more money
So anything um, well, I really appreciate you making time for us today anything
Any last words you you'd like to say about the the censoring regime that's happening in america and how
I'm just blown away that I grew up and I thought I was a lefty democrat
And the democrats have completely flipped they've become pro war
They've become pro censorship anti-free speech and they're not even for bodily autonomy
They're not pro choice anymore. The democrats are
Anti-choice they're what they say is their pro abortion. First of all, nobody's pro abortion
Okay
People are for keeping the government out from in between a doctor and a patient
And what an abortion has to happen. It has to happen. Nobody's no. Why am I uh, what am I paying attention to here?
I think what i'm paying attention to is when does robert malone nod?
Sometimes he nods and sometimes he is like just kind of not like this
Face I don't I don't really know what face it is because he's hard to read but if I was to guess it's kind of like this
And that face is very contrasted by
And so when you watch him and you see when he's not nodding it's quite interesting actually
Pro that happening
But but that's but that's how what that's what they're left with now curd because they can't say pro choice anything in america anymore
Because we don't make anything in america
How do you go to war with the country that makes everything that's necessary for your country to run including our viruses now including our viruses
And our real estate and our nutraceuticals
And our exactly exactly and they make our medicine right that's what nutraceuticals are
Absolutely. Yeah, so and and if they really were afraid of of the chinese
Why wouldn't they ban chinese
Billionaires from buying real estate in the united states and artificially inflating the prices of our real estate here in the united states
So it's out of reach for most home people regular people right now to buy home
Millennials can't afford to buy why because the artificially inflate because they let billionaires buy all the land they want all the property
They want and those by the way those properties sit empty
Right, so if I would I would be for banning
Foreign ownership of real estate in the united states, of course
You're never going to get that because the real estate industry has a another corporate capture
Of our governments and they want it right because it rises everybody makes more money
So anything um, well, I really appreciate you making time for us today anything
uh
Any last words you you'd like to say about the the censoring regime that's happening in america and how
I'm just blown away that I grew up and I thought I was a lefty democrat
And the democrats have completely flipped they've become pro war
They've become pro censorship anti-free speech and they're not even for bodily autonomy. They're not pro choice anymore
The democrats are anti-choister. What they say is they're pro-abortion
First of all, nobody's pro-abortion. Okay
People are for keeping the government out from in between a doctor and a patient
And what an abortion has to happen. It has to happen. Nobody's pro that happening
But but that's but that's how what that's what they're left with now Kurt because they can't say pro choice
Because they all flipped on their value
When it came to covid and mandates and they took your choice away
And so now they can say oh, I'm only from pro-abortion, but I'm not pro choice because they're not pro choice
Would you agree with that doctor?
I would
and I have
Really let's say evolved in my position on abortion also
I'm convinced that abortion is morally wrong
I'm convinced that particularly after the second month
That this this is a practice which takes the life of a human being
but I like you
have gone on this
journey of
discovery and
and
Revealing
Things which I never suspected
And realizing that much of what I've been taught
throughout my entire life
Including one of the first things that I ever encountered as a young person when I was conscious
Which is the assassination of JFK
I I have as a california native
Born in Palo Alto raised in the central coast of california
I've gone on a similar journey as you have as have many people across this country
And that's the hope of of rfk junior right now
Is that many of us that once thought of ourselves as
democrat voters
Have found ourselves betrayed at the core that the party has left us
and
much of what
speaking for myself
What I've found is that what I truly believe my core belief system
Is aligned with what many people now call constitutional conservatism
the belief that this constitutional document
Carries with it
core wisdom and belief and structures that can protect ourselves protect us
from government overreach
and from all sorts of forms of authoritarianism
And uh, I the other day. Let me just share an anecdote. I was approached by
Cheryl gay stolbert
Uh, you know, Cheryl is uh, New York times report hardcore
Uh dead a lot of their reporting in the medicine field
And I was uh at the ron johnson testimony recently
When she approached me
She's taken a leave of absence from new york times to write a book
And frankly as soon as I I know her and soon as I saw her I my guard went up immediately
But one of the first things out of her mouth was that
Many democrats that she knows are now completely alienated from the party
And feel that the party has left them
And they're now searching for a new political home
much like what you're
Suggesting and that's when I when you first asked me to come on
That's what I was told was jimmy door
Is somebody who has always represented a sick center left position?
And yet he's willing to discuss
What has gone on with the covet crisis and the jab
And I was really enthusiastic about coming on because you were another one of those people
who is moving through this transition
And recognizing that a lot of the stories that you've been told
Were falsehoods and now we're to this point you and I and many many other people across the country
particularly of our age group re over certain age
to of us
and uh
We've come to realize that we've been sold a pack of lives
For a lot of our life
And it's being actively deployed
Through this what we now call censorship industrial complex
And it is deep and broad
and what I hear from
So come special ops people
uh former
Psyops
kernels
As I toured the country and talk about cyborg is that
Go ahead. I'm sorry their piss pop
They're pissed off because a lot of the technology that they worked on for offshore combat
Has been turned against the american public
And that's that's the thing that I think matters the most right now
Is we're in the grips of a
a new industry
Uh as mike bens puts it their mercenaries they will work for the highest bidder
And the technology is incredibly powerful
Particularly with the influence of the internet
They can control everything that you think feel
believe
And in that environment when the government is willing to deploy that technology on its citizens
The idea of fair and free elections
And all the discussion about early voting and electronic ballot machines becomes moot
So that's pretty extraordinary as a question in the chat
Why is melon promoted everywhere in the likes of mike eden censor to death? It's a great question
You can find people that say that they're on our side
And you can find that their paid podcasts are
mike eden and myself and robert melones video is free
If you don't see that pattern as being a problem
That's fine. But for me
If I see somebody
recording interviews with people and putting mike eden
And jonathan cooey behind a paywall, but robert melone is free
Meryl nass is free
Well to me, that's pretty obvious then isn't it
How much more obvious could it be if you had a podcast where robert melones interview was free
Meryl nass's interview was free, but
But
mike eden's interview was paid wall and jonathan cooey's interview was pay walled
You can see through these people if you choose to
The problem is is that when you listen to liars lie to you
It's very easy to trust them. That's their job. That's why they're there
They wouldn't be there if they weren't already very good at it
People are chosen for their willingness to be good at it for their willingness to lie to play a role
In the governance of the world to be on the winning team
That's what these people have been told and there's lots of people
Who have risen through the ranks of social media and in ridiculously high pace
Have avoided censorship in a ridiculous way or more importantly have been
promoted while being censored in a ridiculous way that a skilled
Media user a skilled tv watcher cannot see but somebody who's aware
Of the breadth and the depth of the lying that's going on can see it
It's not just censorship. It's also false amplification
It's also
You thinking you're getting your message out when really you're just yelling into a can
That's what they did to people like me. That's what they've done to people like mike eden
That's what they did to people like wolf gang wodock and that's exactly the opposite of what's happened to people like robert melon
Even though we are being led to believe and I think that that
Jimmy door is still a little bit naive to the extent to which these liars and the networks of them exist
and
He's still buying in to the fact that the yin and the yang is fully accessible and that he is just
You know part of that. It's not true
He is trapped in a limited spectrum of debate and he imagines that this limited spectrum of debate is him
Escaping the system fighting against it
When in reality that is the system
None of the controls in the airplane that we are in work
And so although robert melon is sitting in the cockpit
Telling jimmy door. He knows how the plane is flown and he knows what knobs need to be turned in order for us to fly the right way
Jimmy door doesn't know enough about the plane to even understand that there are screens over the windows and those are all leds
Screens that's not a real flying airplane. There are hydraulics underneath there that are making it feel like air turbulence
And so he's there being wowed by by robert melon inside of a simulation of an airplane
Complete with stewardesses and complaining people in the back that can't get the Wi-Fi to work
And a co-pilot who's in on it
That's the extent to which we have been fooled and so when you get invited
To the cockpit during flight and the airplane is not even off the ground
You're pretty vulnerable
And that is exactly what you see here. It is it is it is jimmy door being invited from coach
up to see the cockpit
And the airplane has not left the ground and he's not aware of it
The people on the plane are not really on a plane. They're just he's not aware of it. The stewardesses are in on it. He's not aware of it
The co-pilot the navigator and the pilot are all in on it and and the guy who's taken him up to the
To the cockpit because he's friends with the pilot is also in on it
I
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to let this go
And see if I can start it again after we go to basketball today because I don't know how long
We can do a peer tube straight. So I'm going to stop it now
I'm going to check that out. I want you to understand that this is a start
Of an incredibly long commitment to being here every day all the time producing
Um streams on all four of these platforms to make sure that we get this message out
Has widely and as often as possible. I need your help sharing it if you can I need your help supporting it
You can find my support links at gigglehomebiological.com. It's very possible
That I will be on after dinner tonight if i'm not on after dinner tonight
I will most certainly be on again tomorrow at 1313 eastern standard time
That's going to be our our
weekday time that i'm going to try and hit every day and then we're going to have some weekend times
We're going to hit every day and then we're going to have some optional ones in the evening. That's where we are
Um, thank you very much for joining me. This has been a one hour and 33 minute test
We'll see what we got on
On uh peer tube. We'll see what we got on the other channels. I think it went well
Thank you very much for joining me and I will see you again later either tonight or tomorrow at 1313 eastern time
Thank you very much again
And this has been gigglehome biological and high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist
It's coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in the back of my garage
Um, and so it's uh very easy for me to hit stream again. I just got to have the right mindset
And uh, I want to have the right mindset going forward. We're approaching spring
The spring equinox and so I want to be um out of the truck running by the time the spring equinox comes
And uh, we're going to establish a new pattern of resistance here. Thank you very much for joining me
Please share my work and you can do home biologicals where you can find me. Um, and I will see you again
So
Oh
I'm so excited ladies and gentlemen, let's check out that peer tube
And uh, let me know how you find it and whether it works for you or not. Um, it looks like it's just
One oh no, it's two shows and that first one was probably garbage because it's only two minutes long and then the next one
It looks like it's still live. So uh, yeah, I think we did okay
We're gonna keep uh fixing that to make sure that we get that working correctly, but I think we're close
So I think we're very close. Thanks very much. I'll see you soon
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic